It is an eye training that enters
The first act is a bench press
It is 109 of the main set to what the insurgents are power
Since the raw materials started
About 100 kg has been made 4 reps all the time
Clearly not a face with power down a little
It's getting hot, but I can manage it today
Yo
I was able to get in
Sometimes it's z eyes or 3 verses 10 trillion .
In the wrench Place interval wit
I'm doing it
Doing English set is poor and raw
If it does not turn
In the feeling of lowering
We do also
The second white eye is the Inclined Dumbbell Bench Press
It's a bit light with 20 kg of bars
As to direct to the pectoralis major muscle conditions Bow use something a little lighter
I am training
I think it's too heavy
It will be in the upper major chest muscle three colors
We use the one above from the waist
It is about the third kind Incline dumbbell
We do how to 50 km
I am of
I do not take light until I fit the dumbbell at the top
As I go away there, the load will escape, so
It is not asked until there or rather up between
The Lower
Here captures dying
x body
In the event of Sato Hitoshi
This is a slightly lighter room
I do it with a weight that I can control
Anyway
I had a slight pain in my ears and it was slippery to run away
So here again leads 6
There was a movement robi
If it is a little sweet
I 'm putting it back to Yu-Gi-Oh after this
5 I was doing a set
I'm waiting
goo